[TT-14171] Update documentation for master Dashboard (#6062)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/shared/dashboard-config.md

### storage.main
Main database where the dashboard resources are stored (users, orgs, policies, etc)

> ### storage.main.type

Reviewer: Hey, @lghiur 

Could you check why the streaming configuration isn't available here? I'm specifically looking for this variable, `TYK_DB_STREAMING_ENABLED`. There's also a [Jira](https://tyktech.atlassian.net/browse/DX-1851) ticket open for the same issue.

Reviewer: @lghiur, were you able to check the issue?

Temporary : Enable dev mode feature on UI

### ui.onboarding

> Onboarding section defines the information about the onboarding UI wizzard flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Onboarding section controls the onboarding quick start wizard.
```

### ui.onboarding.enabled
ENV: <b>TYK_DB_UI_ONBOARDING_ENABLED</b><br />
Type: `bool`<br />

> Enabled is a boolean flag that enables the onboarding UI wizzard flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enabled is a boolean flag that enables the onboarding quick start wizard.
```
